To run our test, we actually don't even have to change anything.
We just reference the hub,
and the hub selects the correct routing based off of the
options or configurations that we pass into it.
So we could say we want a specific version or those types of things.
Let's first just run our test.
I'm going to right‑click on our main method and say Run WebDriverMain.
It fires up and runs. It does everything that it should and exits
the test exactly how we would expect it to.
It's the same test we've seen run 100 times.
I'm going to show you a couple of different changes though, and that is that
ChromeOptions were new as of about a year ago, give or take.
They switched it from Desired Capability.
So it's not really a new concept, but rather ChromeOptions,
FirefoxOptions, IEOptions.
They set out specific options for each browser
because they're a little bit different.
So we could come in here and, for example, say
ChromeOptions will add the options of .addArguments. And
inside of here, we just pass in a string,
and we can say that we want it to start‑maximized. Close that
quote and close that line. And when we run it now, it'll go
through and drive our test differently.
So if I fire it up,
it's going to start that browser in a maximized fashion and run it from there.
So different characteristics that you can do. You can run it in
incognito mode, headless. You can disable any extensions. You can
disable pop‑up blocking. There's some various attributes you can pass
through there. And some of those arguments are sent to the hub, and the
hub figures out which that machine is registered to execute on. And
that's why having that hub set up with various test clients or nodes is a great option.